c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\GuitarClient.exe.config
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\GuitarClient.exe
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\GuitarClient.pdb
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\GuitarSOA.dll
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\GuitarSOA.pdb
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\obj\Debug\GuitarClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\obj\Debug\GuitarClient_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\obj\Debug\GuitarClient_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\obj\Debug\GuitarClient.g.resources
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\obj\Debug\GuitarClient.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\obj\Debug\GuitarClient.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\obj\Debug\GuitarClient.exe
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\obj\Debug\GuitarClient.pdb
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.dll
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Mvvm.v16.2.dll
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v16.2.dll
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v16.2.dll
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\DevExpress.CodeParser.v16.2.dll
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.xml
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Mvvm.v16.2.xml
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v16.2.xml
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v16.2.xml
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\obj\Debug\GuitarClient.exe.licenses
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\obj\Debug\AddGuitarWindow.g.cs
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\obj\Debug\AddGuitarWindow.baml
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\obj\Debug\ActionsWindow.g.cs
c:\users\garet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GarethQuirkeTotalProduce\GuitarClient\obj\Debug\ActionsWindow.baml
